# MSAP

Multi-service access platform, referred to as MSAP, we are an organization established at the end of 2021, ready to create a new generation of a new smartphone platform for tokens, maybe one day in the future by using our mobile phone you will be able to There is income, as long as you hold a certain amount of MASP, our MSAP will also have value. If there is a mobile phone with the ability to consume anytime, anywhere, would you like to own it? Would you like to have our mobile phone if you only spend in a country where the value of the currency is allowed? If this mobile phone can be connected with cash in any country at any time, and can be exchanged for consumption according to the currency price in real time, do you want to have it? The phone will receive news about new trading pairs, contracts, news and more. The operation can be realized through functions such as voice. Of course, this phone will not only have these functions, but also have the functions that today's smartphones have. From now on, invest in us and join us together. In addition, we hope that technicians from more countries will participate, which is free of charge! We also want to have the marketing team involved. If the value of the coin increases, some tokens will be issued to hold.
Join MSAP One day in the future you will be one of the first to hold MSAP's exclusive M-phone. By holding MSAP, you will be the first person to hold the income permanently. For example, if other projects or advertisements are involved, we will distribute the income according to the number of tokens you hold.
